chore: Move chef-cli docs to fern (#186)
devrev/fern-api-docs: fern/docs/pages/airdrop/data-extraction.mdx

}
```

## Validating extracted data

Extracted artifacts can be validated with the chef-cli using the following command:

```bash
chef-cli validate-data -m external_domain_metadata.json -r issue < extractor_issues_2.json
```

You can also generate example data to show the format the data has to be normalized to, using:

```bash
echo '{}' | chef-cli fuzz-extracted -r issue -m external_domain_metadata.json > example_issues.json
```

## Deploying and testing the snap-in

Once you have implemented data extraction, you should deploy your snap-in to your test organization and run an import.

> To deploy the snap-in, run `make auth` and `make deploy` in the snap-in repository. Then, activate the snap-in by running `devrev snap_in activate`. 

Reviewer: Please split each sentence into its own line.

After activation, you can create an import in the DevRev UI, which will initially reach the 'waiting for user input' stage. During this phase, you can verify your data extraction implementation is working correctly.

> Relevant documentation can be found under [Snap-in development](/snapin-development/locally-testing-snap-ins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relevant documentation can be found in the [Snap-in development](/snapin-development/locally-testing-snap-ins) section.
```
